In October, I began researching COVID at the suggestion of @xhliu. Once I started researching, I couldn’t stop. What I discovered has completely altered my view of the world. As of today I have spent more than two months full-time researching COVID and related events. I no longer live in San Francisco. I am now living in St. Charles, MO for the next six months or so after which I plan to establish an earthship (self-sustaining home - please look it up).

I don’t want to discuss everything I have learned because it would take too long. The most important thing is that the censorship of social media is far worse than I ever expected. I was angry at Twitter for disinformation in the cryptocurrency industry that will lead to the loss of wealth for millions of people. But that was just scratching the surface. The truth is that there is an agenda for global totalitarianism and depopulation that infects all of Silicon Valley and practically every other institution in the world. They are not just stealing money from people, but also their lives.

“The cost of liberty is eternal vigilance.” - Lord Acton

It is a regular occurrence in human history that psychopaths try to take over the world. Now is our time to defend liberty. The only difference this time is that the battle is or the entire planet and there is nowhere left to run. It is imperative that we adopt a war-like posture at this time. If we apply our full effort, we will win. Fighting is the only option. But anything less than full-time effort risks losing humanity to the totalitarians.

I have found many heroes in the past few months and I’m sure I will find more. I believe my role in all this is to make sure I get the SBW going because it is truly a censorship-resistant social network that will allow the truth to emerge for the first time in decades of not centuries. I have spent many years solving this specific problem. I have identified enough sources of high quality information that I don’t need to spend my full-time effort researching COVID anymore but can resume working on the SBW. I will get my truth out there and help broadcast all suppressed information from the heroes. This is not about pumping cryptocurrency. This is about revealing the truth to humanity. Bitcoin is to be used, not speculated on.

I want to get a complete MVP including authentication, permissions, social content (images, video, articles, software), and integrated bitcoin payments (SPV wallet) finished by April. Anybody who helps build the technology will be able to use it freely indefinitely. But this will not be normal open source software. It is key that we develop the parallel economy in order to provide alternatives to all the corrupt institutions such as universities, scientific publications, healthcare, money, governments, etc. We will rebuild all of these institutions from scratch so that when the totalitarian systems fall people have alternatives that work with no corruption. The software will be sold. Nothing is free and there will be no central point of failure. Generating the parallel market economy with no central point of failure is key to the preservation of liberty.

I want to set up a call for everyone who wants to help build this. Everyone who is willing to contribute in some way is welcome to join. I need engineers, designers, marketing, customer relations, and anything else that you believe you can contribute. I will invite everyone from this channel and everyone else who has contacted me about the SBW. This is more than 50 people in total. I have designed something that I am confident I could build by myself if necessary, but that will take too long and will not be mature enough. The more people we have helping this the faster it will be finished and the more complete and impactful it will be.

Everyone who has already contacted me about SBW will be included if I have your contact information. If you want to make sure I invite you, please send your contact information to:

Ryan X. Charles
ryan@ryanxcharles.com
+1 415 515 0210

Email is best as a primary communication mechanism because it is properly decentralized and phone numbers are good as a backup. We will not be using Slack primarily because it is too easy to censor (what if Slack disables metanet.icu?).

You will share your contact information not just with me, but with everyone else involved. If I am killed, the project will proceed. Never introduce a central point of failure. This principle is key to empower people to be self-sustaining and disempower the totalitarians.

Love your neighbor as you love yourself.

Never introduce a central point of failure.

Take completely responsibility for everything in your life.

Create the parallel free market economy from scratch for uncorrupted alternatives to the totalitarian systems.

Tell the truth always and everywhere. Never lie about anything under any circumstances.